hi all guys as you can see ip i'm playing call of duty 4 a
headquarters mode this is one of the many strong ways of the
rom industries palio
in this mode, it is essential to achieve the goal
just finished you will have 100 more points worth for your career
multipleyer
it is very easy to die here you may have finished giving birth everyone is their own
route
this instead is the search and destroy mode of the team in the micat where
now I need to kill the navy for headlights in my case there is a
only opponent and then the other would trigger the bomb or bring back the
briefcase on the lens to make it explode later on the task
instead of the navy is to defuse the bomb after I will do it
see how the pee primes
me and my friend have already won 2 rounds if we win another we will be
two the navy
now I'm the navy look at how I defuse the bomb
this is my favorite kind of game everyone calls everyone against
teams a sequin get mixed up it makes the foliage but I succeeded
fortunately welcome him in the act